hello everyone welcome back okay so um
today I'm going to be showing you in
Lightroom how to open files now when you
open up Lightroom first thing you do is
you are in library nope sorry I'm in web
go to the library and how this doesn't
work and because like if you click on
file and try to open something recent or
something new it's not going to come up
this way but what you actually have to
do is you got to import the photo so
importing is easy and you just push
import you push your source I actually
have right now USB installed right now
so all of it this actually just comes up
straight to a folder so whenever you
have a folder you can select which
folder you'd like to do which light
where exactly your photo is so if I
click on new photos it comes up the
whole bunch of stuff like this I'm just
going to randomly grab let's say this
one and then you push import you
remember that when I like unselect all
of your photos because if you if you're
wanting all your photos to be installed
to them to the library oh yeah click
them all but if you don't unclick all
photos and then select the file that you
want yes this will come back up but only
the file that need more which is then
down at the bottom right it says import
or cancel so we're going to import this
one I'm going to push import and then it
opens right here now this looks really
really tiny and I how exactly do you
make it bigger well you just click on it
so comes up directly like this
and up in the top corner you're actually
able to zoom in so you can already zoom
this is at a 1.1 and I can actually zoom
in even more this is 1 to 1 now I can
make it read one or I can just fill it
just by using these real quick hotkeys
or I could fit which then I can also I
can double click and you can zoom out
alright so just remember that whenever
you're trying to open a file and it's
not sorry if you're trying to open an
image and it's not in a file you're
going to be searching for a long time
just make sure that this pit like
whatever picture you're looking for is
in a file and it's very easily labeled
this completely removes any confusion
any way that you're like spending a lot
of time looking for it it completely
cuts it in half so thank you very much
for watching again my name is Steven I
work for misfit pix gallery comm please
subscribe to my channel please check out
the rest of my videos on photoscape or
in Lightroom and I'll have a lot more
for you